What is the Amazon Vine program?

It is a program that allows select individuals (Amazon Customers) to provide their own opinions on 
new and pre-release items to help fellow consumers to make more educated purchasing decisions. The individuals
are invited join the Vine program based on their past reviews and contributions to the Amazon marketplace.

The question we are attempting to answer is whether or not the Vine reviews are biased. I choose to perfom my
analysis on the vine_table using sql. During the transforming stage of my pipeline I removed all reviews from 
my dataframe that weren't verified purchases. I did this becuase an opinion based off of not owning or using a game
would just be noise. My first query was just gathering the total rows in my table or the total reviews for 
vine and non-vine users which came to be 1,169,616 rows. Then I broke that down into reviews submitted by vine users and non
vine users. The non-vine users totaled 1,169,594 while the vine users had a meager 22. There is a significant
difference between these two numbers. Then again it is possible that to get into the vine program may prove to be difficult and 
on top of that its possible that most of those users aren't in the video game marketplace to often. I then queried the data to show 
all reviews with helpful_votes of 1 or more. The number of reviews with helpful_votes of 1 or more was 306,036 based on both types of users. I choose 1
or more since the average number of helpful_votes is 1.02 for non-vine users and 1.86 for vine users. According to the data 
roughly 26% of the reviews have atleast 1 helpful_vote for non-vine users and 1.86 helpful_votes for vine users. Next I sorted and counted the number of rows
into their respective star rating category. For vine users roughly 45% of all reviews had a helpful_vote attached to it where as for a non vine user
it was woughly only 25% of all reviews. My comparison of vine and non-vine users shows that vine users typically have more reliable
reviews versus non-vine users. That being said there were only a fraction of vine reviews for the roughly 1.16 million reviews on games.
It would be worth taking a look at other datasets and comparing the reliability of reviews to other vine reviews per seperate dataset. 
In conclusion I would trust vine reviews of video games based on the data and analysis I have provided. 
